Feature/joanie handler (#1815)
openfun/richie: UPGRADE.md

## Unreleased

## 2.16.x to 2.17.x

> - Joanie is now able to call the richie course run synchronization webhook. To set up this feature,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Richie is now able to delegate course enrollment to Joanie which will then synchronize its course runs with Richie and provide advanced enrollment, ecommerce and multi-LMS features. 
To set up this feature,
```
